---
layout: home
---

If I have to sum up myself- I would like to believe that I am a mix of the places I have been to, people I have met, family I was born into, and things that I have done. I haven't yet assigned weights to which of these is more important than the other as year on year it keeps on changing. 
  
I grew up in a joint family- which in simple language means more people to love you. I was the first child in the family and would have my grandfather, dad, and uncle all getting small gifts for me while coming back from work. It's a privilege be loved and to have parents and grandparents who would do anything for you. I grew up being put first. Even though we have immense love between us, my relationship with my family is still formulating. None of us are very expressive so we have more proofs for love than words. I started realising value of family when I moved away from them for work and stepped out in the real world. Even though my decisions have been independent in nature- I do crave for their validation and for them to feel proud of me. I still struggle with expressing how I feel about them to them, and the day I'll be able to do that comfortably would be a second phase of life.

I have been an extremely socially awkward person and through my life have enjoyed and formed many one on one friendships. I have met some great people who have been by my side for 10+ years now. It takes me more time than others to build relationships and connections and I do believe I grow on people with time. For the people who chose to go through that getting to know me curve, I feel super grateful for. I've met some incredibly interesting and kind people lately and so that I don't lose out on them- I am trying to reduce my social awkwardness. I love getting to know people, meeting them, understanding them and their motivations - most of them have positively surprised me and have pushed me to become a better version of myself. 

I haven't been the textbook smart kid for most part of my life. I have a 'good' student till 7th grade, then struggled a lot in academics from 8th to 10th (i got 7.6 cgpa in 10th which I think would've been lowest quartile/half for our school batch), then I picked up in 11th and ended up scoring 'decent' in 12th to get an admission in Delhi University economics. I went to a girls college (DRC) which brought out the best in me. I could be anyone and do anything there and no one cared. I could participate in competitions, do more of what I liked, attend/not attend classes- it was awesome. I spent majority of my time there interning or working on college socs. Post that since there were no campus placements as such- I thought any fancy company would be a good starting point (specially if it's in IB). Started my career with Goldman and didn't enjoy it at all. At that point I wanted to do things that would increase my chance at an MBA so went to a offbeat startup MyMuse. I LOVED working there- the people I met, my manager who believed in me (which felt like someone believed in me for the first time in life), work that I got to do. Everything was great till it wasn't. I started getting bored eventually and it felt like I wasn't failing enough in life- which to me meant I wasn't moving fast enough or not dreaming high enough. So I canned all my life plans and safety nets and decided to go a bit haywire and try out startup ideas. I mean who cares right I can always pick back life again if I fail. 

My parent's didn't like to travel so we would rarely travel. It's when I grew up and started exploring I realised the importance of it. I'm inherently lazy so I still don't travel that much- but it's something that I have been meaning to do more of. I want to see more places, try out different food, go for evening walks in different lanes, and discover more songs in cafes. This becomes difficult to do with work and other things but I hope the execution of this goal accelerates with time.